Ep. 0

Where should I start talking?

My guess is that the trigger was something that happened yesterday.

While wasting time at home, I received an email.

“We would like to announce this to everyone who enjoyed ‘Space Survival.’ Our development team is developing a sequel.

We are recruiting closed beta testers for this. If you would like to participate, click the Accept Participation button at the bottom.

Please press.”

Space Survival.

Survive, explore, and evolve by choosing one of the various races that exist in the vast space of space.

This is an RPG game.

The part that caught my eye here was ‘diverse races.’

I have loved aliens, monsters, and other races since I was young.

Space Survival was a game that embodied my fantasy.

Sometimes it becomes a metallic gremlin and eats up human ships, and sometimes it becomes a mutant monster.

He slaughtered enemies in ground battles, and sometimes became the leader of a colony with collective intelligence.

also attacked.

I've played all the space creatures that seem like something out of nightmares, but the race I've enjoyed the longest is

It was me.

‘Unidentified Aggressive Space Morph’, abbreviated as UASM.

I combined the A in Aggressive and the morph behind it and called it Amorph.

Aimorph is a space monster with a motif of the creature that appears in the classic movie

They are a race that strengthens itself by acquiring genetic information.

There is no limit to how strong they can become, so at first glance they appear to be a fraudulent race, but survival is insanely difficult.

It was notorious for its difficulty and the inherent risks unique to the race.

What I mean is, it's true that you get stronger as time goes by, but you're too weak in the beginning so no matter what you want to do,

I can't do it right.

In survival games, it is important to survive long enough to accumulate resources and skills to snowball.

Emorphs are a race with a mechanism to reverse this trend. Because I keep dying in the beginning, I become stronger.

Opportunities decrease, and if you don't become stronger, you can't do anything and die, a vicious cycle continues. Still, you can say that it's okay to try hard and survive, but for Aimov, this is difficult.

There was a fatal flaw in making it.

It is impossible to communicate or cooperate with other races.

By default, Amorphs only view other races as living food or chunks of genes that need to be collected.

It's long.

The crazy game company implemented this exactly into the game.

How difficult is it to not be able to communicate or play cooperatively in a multiplayer game with many users participating?

You won't have to say whether it's a big risk or not.

It is weak in the beginning, but it is also impossible to cooperate with other users.

The two shortcomings synergize in a negative way, making Amorph the worst in space survival.

It was a non-mainstream race.

In fact, SM, the latter part of UASM, is probably an abbreviation for sadist (game company) and masochist (user).

Is this rumor to the point where it is accepted as established theory in the community?

Why did such a trash race become my favorite race? The reason is simple.

What fascinated me was that it was a race that could freely evolve and become stronger according to choice and will.

Because.

‘Well, other than that, it’s also because I like anime.’

As they say, those who enjoy it are stronger, and as an Amorph, I achieved the highest difficulty achievement in the game, Galaxy Conqueror.

He was one of the top users who achieved .

I told you all that the community called me an honorary amorph, an alien biosexual, and a morphbag.

ji.

Still, there is no eternal king.

I had no choice but to quit the game for very practical reasons.

‘I never thought there would be people receiving academics even these days…’ .’

And that too, twice in a row.

It was a natural result since I only played games without going out of the house.

Since I had to graduate, I left the game for a while and focused on my studies. Because of that, a sequel is being developed.

I didn't even know that. Anyway, Space Survival is the game I love the most. A sequel to a game that is nothing short of a lifetime pick.

Is there any gamer who wouldn't like it when it comes out? Of course I clicked accept.

‘The result is like this.’

I raised my right ‘second’ leg and scratched my ‘covered forehead’.

As I scratched, my back started itching again, so I decided to use my left ‘fourth’ leg this time. Buckle up your back

When I scratched, a translucent skin appeared at the end of my claws.

If you ask how a human being has four pairs of legs, you can answer like this.

‘That’s because they’re not human.’

When I looked down at the first front leg I was writing with my hand, I couldn't help but sigh. On my chin in sync with my sighs

The sensory aids attached were shaking from sky to sky.

The shape of my hands was far from that of a human or mammal.

The legs, which are long and thin and divided into three segments, are reminiscent of the legs of a spider or arthropod.

It had two cute claws that served as fingers at the ends of its legs.

I hoped it wasn't my hand, but its claws twitched in response to my will, as if telling me not to turn away.

If you move your gaze along the legs, the body appears to be elongated, like a snake or lizard. Back and stomach are hard

It was covered with a shell, so it didn't feel flexible. The sides are hard shells.

Unlike the other ones, it was made of soft flesh and had three pairs of legs that were the same shape as the front legs.

all.

Lastly, a thick, flexible tail extended from its rump. sharp at the end of the tail

Spit was the only weapon I had.

I know the identity of this strange little creature.

Space Survival's favorite race, Amorph.

They are beings with infinite potential and the race that made me the ruler of the galaxy.

… Hatchling.

｢Race: Unidentified hostile space creature

Status: Hatchling

Goal: Survive

Possessed trait: Extrasensory ｣In a vast universe where all kinds of monsters and transcendents run rampant, I am possessed by the weakest creature.

am.

